README.md, before:

# WEB103 Project 1 - Pokedex

Submitted by: Noel Alfaro

About this web app: Pokedex web app built using Node, Express, HTML, CSS, & Javascript

Disclaimer: I know this is not complete and past due, I apologize

Time spent: 2 hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->

- [x] **The web app uses only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript without a frontend framework**
- [x] **The web app displays a title**
- [x] **The web app displays at least five list items, each with at least three attributes (such as title, text, and image url)**
- [x] **The user can click on each item in the list to see a detailed view of it, including all database fields**
  - [x] _Note: When showing this feature in the video walkthrough, please show the unique URL for each detailed view. We will not be able to give points if we cannot see the implementation_
- [x] **The web app serves an appropriate 404 page when no matching route is defined**
- [ ] **The web app is appropriately styled using Picocss**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] The web app displays items in a unique format, such as cards rather than lists

## Video Walkthrough

\*\*Note: please be sure to

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='/pokedex-1.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.
I struggled with getting the pokemon to show from the proper endpoint

## License

Copyright 2023 [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

added postgres database connection, and returned data to frontend

README.md, after:

# WEB103 Project 2 - Pokedex Pt 2

Submitted by: Noel Alfaro

About this web app: This web app acts as a pokedex for pokemon. Using HTML, CSS, and vanilla JS for the frontend and node, express on the backend we connect to a postgres database hosted on Railway to retrieve and return data to the frontend.

Time spent: 2 hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->

- [x] **The web app uses only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript without a frontend framework**
- [x] **The web app is connected to a PostgreSQL database, with an appropriately structured database table for the list items**
- [x] **The PostgreSQL database includes a table that matches the data displayed in the web app**
  - [x] **NOTE: Your GIF or a screenshot added to the README must include a view of your Railway database that shows the contents of the table used by your app**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] The user can search for items with a specific attribute

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='./pokedex-2.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->

GIF created with ... [Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS

<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## License

Copyright [2023] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
